Update documentation of KQL query search and conditions (#8511)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions.md

|Property|Property description|Examples|Search results returned by the examples|
|---|---|---|---|
|AttachmentNames|The names of files attached to an email message.|`attachmentnames:annualreport.ppt` <p> `attachmentnames:annual*` <br/> `attachmentnames:.pptx`|Messages that have an attached file named annualreport.ppt. In the second example, using the wildcard character ( * ) returns messages with the word "annual" in the file name of an attachment. The third example returns all attachments with the pptx file extension.|

> |Bcc|The Bcc field of an email message.<sup>1</sup>|`bcc:pilarp@contoso.com` <p> `bcc:pilarp` <p> `bcc:"Pilar Pinilla"`|All examples return messages with Pilar Pinilla included in the Bcc field.<br>([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Bcc|The Bcc field of an email message.<sup>1</sup>|`bcc:pilarp@contoso.com` <p> `bcc:pilarp` <p> `bcc:"Pilar Pinilla"`|All examples return messages with Pilar Pinilla included in the Bcc field.<br>(See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Category|The categories to search. Categories can be defined by users by using Outlook or Outlook on the web (formerly known as Outlook Web App). The possible values are: <ul><li>blue<li>green<li>orange<li>purple<li>red<li>yellow</li></ul>|`category:"Red Category"`|Messages that have been assigned the red category in the source mailboxes.|

> |Cc|The Cc field of an email message.<sup>1</sup>|`cc:pilarp@contoso.com` <p> `cc:"Pilar Pinilla"`|In both examples, messages with Pilar Pinilla specified in the Cc field.<br>([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Cc|The Cc field of an email message.<sup>1</sup>|`cc:pilarp@contoso.com` <p> `cc:"Pilar Pinilla"`|In both examples, messages with Pilar Pinilla specified in the Cc field.<br>(See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Folderid|The folder ID (GUID) of a specific mailbox folder. If you use this property, be sure to search the mailbox that the specified folder is located in. Only the specified folder will be searched. Any subfolders in the folder won't be searched. To search subfolders, you need to use the Folderid property for the subfolder you want to search. <p> For more information about searching for the Folderid property and using a script to obtain the folder IDs for a specific mailbox, see [Use Content search for targeted collections](use-content-search-for-targeted-collections.md).|`folderid:4D6DD7F943C29041A65787E30F02AD1F00000000013A0000` <p> `folderid:2370FB455F82FC44BE31397F47B632A70000000001160000 AND participants:garthf@contoso.com`|The first example returns all items in the specified mailbox folder. The second example returns all items in the specified mailbox folder that were sent or received by garthf@contoso.com.|

> |From|The sender of an email message.<sup>1</sup>|`from:pilarp@contoso.com` <p> `from:contoso.com`|Messages sent by the specified user or sent from a specified domain.<br>([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|From|The sender of an email message.<sup>1</sup>|`from:pilarp@contoso.com` <p> `from:contoso.com`|Messages sent by the specified user or sent from a specified domain.<br>(See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Kind|The type of email message to search for. Possible values: <p>  contacts <p>  docs <p>  email <p>  externaldata <p>  faxes <p>  im <p>  journals <p>  meetings <p>  microsoftteams (returns items from chats, meetings, and calls in Microsoft Teams) <p>  notes <p>  posts <p>  rssfeeds <p>  tasks <p>  voicemail|`kind:email` <p> `kind:email OR kind:im OR kind:voicemail` <p> `kind:externaldata`|The first example returns email messages that meet the search criteria. The second example returns email messages, instant messaging conversations (including Skype for Business conversations and chats in Microsoft Teams), and voice messages that meet the search criteria. The third example returns items that were imported to mailboxes in Microsoft 365 from third-party data sources, such as Twitter, Facebook, and Cisco Jabber, that meet the search criteria. For more information, see [Archiving third-party data in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/?ref=go).|

> |Participants|All the people fields in an email message. These fields are From, To, Cc, and Bcc.<sup>1</sup>|`participants:garthf@contoso.com` <p> `participants:contoso.com`|Messages sent by or sent to garthf@contoso.com. The second example returns all messages sent by or sent to a user in the contoso.com domain.<br>([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Participants|All the people fields in an email message. These fields are From, To, Cc, and Bcc.<sup>1</sup>|`participants:garthf@contoso.com` <p> `participants:contoso.com`|Messages sent by or sent to garthf@contoso.com. The second example returns all messages sent by or sent to a user in the contoso.com domain.<br>(See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Received|The date that an email message was received by a recipient.|`received:2021-04-15` <p> `received>=2021-01-01 AND received<=2021-03-31`|Messages that were received on April 15, 2021. The second example returns all messages received between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2021.|

> |Recipients|All recipient fields in an email message. These fields are To, Cc, and Bcc.<sup>1</sup>|`recipients:garthf@contoso.com` <p> `recipients:contoso.com`|Messages sent to garthf@contoso.com. The second example returns messages sent to any recipient in the contoso.com domain.<br>([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Recipients|All recipient fields in an email message. These fields are To, Cc, and Bcc.<sup>1</sup>|`recipients:garthf@contoso.com` <p> `recipients:contoso.com`|Messages sent to garthf@contoso.com. The second example returns messages sent to any recipient in the contoso.com domain.<br>(See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Condition|Description|
|---|---|
|Date|For email, the date a message was received by a recipient or sent by the sender. For documents, the date a document was last modified.|

> |Sender/Author|For email, the person who sent a message. For documents, the person cited in the author field from Office documents. You can type more than one name, separated by commas. Two or more values are logically connected by the **OR** operator.<br>([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Sender/Author|For email, the person who sent a message. For documents, the person cited in the author field from Office documents. You can type more than one name, separated by commas. Two or more values are logically connected by the **OR** operator.<br>(See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Condition|Description|
|---|---|
|Message kind|The message type to search. This is the same property as the Kind email property. Possible values: <ul><li>contacts</li><li>docs</li><li>email</li><li>externaldata</li><li>fax</li><li>im</li><li>journals</li><li>meetings</li><li>microsoftteams</li><li>notes</li><li>posts</li><li>rssfeeds</li><li>tasks</li><li>voicemail</li></ul>|

> |Participants|All the people fields in an email message. These fields are From, To, Cc, and Bcc. ([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Participants|All the people fields in an email message. These fields are From, To, Cc, and Bcc. (See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```

|Type|The message class property for an email item. This is the same property as the ItemClass email property. It's also a multi-value condition. So to select multiple message classes, hold the **CTRL** key and then click two or more message classes in the drop-down list that you want to add to the condition. Each message class that you select in the list will be logically connected by the **OR** operator in the corresponding search query. <p> For a list of the message classes (and their corresponding message class ID) that are used by Exchange and that you can select in the **Message class** list, see [Item Types and Message Classes](/office/vba/outlook/Concepts/Forms/item-types-and-message-classes).|
|Received|The date that an email message was received by a recipient. This is the same property as the Received email property.|

> |Recipients|All recipient fields in an email message. These fields are To, Cc, and Bcc. ([See Recipient Expansion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide#recipient-expansionSee))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Recipients|All recipient fields in an email message. These fields are To, Cc, and Bcc. (See [Recipient expansion](recipient-expansion.md).)|
```
